[THEME MUSIC]
>>Welcome to the second episode
of the UBUNTU Contributionism
Workshop.
We're going to pick
up where we left off
in the previous session,
and that is with how simple
the transition to the new
future of humanity is,
and how simple it can be,
how simple it is going to be.
And to remind us that it is so
simple, we can't screw it up.
And the reason I say it is
because the whole Ubuntu
system is an ancient
system, and it was ancient
because ancient cultures
embraced it for a reason,
because it is a natural system.
I say that it's so easy
we can't screw it up
because it follows the
natural order of things.
And it follows the
laws of nature.
And in many instances,
in most of the activities
and that you'll find as we
process this information, most
of the time, we follow
the laws of nature,
and we follow sacred geometry in
its spectacular various forms,
and its multiple fractals that
it manifests in this reality.
So no matter how hard we
try, we can't screw it up.
And like I mentioned before,
over an 11-year period,
I've had hundreds of thousands
of problems and naysayers,
and people trying to break
this down and reduce it
to a bad idea.
And the more questions and
the more comments we get,
the stronger the system becomes.
The more questions
we answer, the more
it strengthens the foundation.
And that's why
it's still growing,
and it is an
evolving philosophy.
It's not something
that is finite.
It'll continue evolving as
people embrace it and use it
for the benefit in
their own communities.
Therefore, just
to recap again, we
don't need to have all of the
answers to all of the solutions
today, as long as we know
what the foundations are
and what the cornerstones
are of this platform
to launch us into this new
way forward for this planet.
One of the amazing discoveries
I made on this journey
was when I went to Cape
Town to visit my friend
in at his wellness center.
He's got the place called
the Ubuntu Wellness
Centre in Cape Town,
a beautiful place
with amazing healing
facilities and flotation tanks,
and there's also an
Ubuntu tree that they
planted there, and held
some ceremony, and so forth.
But he showed me
the picture that
was done by Dr. Masaru Emoto
where they encoded the word
Ubuntu, or spoke the word
Ubuntu to some water,
and then he put it
through the process
that he used to do
of freezing the water
and seeing what crystal
structures are formed
with the resonance
of the word that's
captured in the wood Ubuntu.
And this is what came out.
It was described by
Masaru Emoto as one
of the most beautiful,
perfect water crystals
he's ever captured.
And that just brings us back
to the simple philosophy
and how incredible these
synchronicities are.
You can't plan this
kind of thing, right?
It just happens automatically.
So this is what Masaru
Emoto had to say.
"A beautiful circle appeared
inside of the crystal.
I believe this circle
is Ubuntu itself.
It signifies that everything
is in perfect harmony.
Only when everything is
in harmony and accord,
all the beings will
attain true happiness."
And that's just
amazing, because he
talks about harmony and
resonance and accord, which
is pretty much what
this is all about.
It's unity consciousness,
unity within community.
We live in harmony
with each other.
And only that kind of
unity will bring us
into infinite diversity.
So let's have a look at the
perspective of our reality
that we find ourselves in today.
We sort of touched upon it
in the previous session,
and that is that
the reality we find
ourselves is molded by the
world we are born into,
and are shaped by
our own experiences,
and the socioeconomic structure
that we are born into, that we
have very little say about.
We just emerge in this,
and it's around us,
and this is what we grow up in.
So our reality is molded by
television shows, by the media,
by the celebrities, by the
music, the movies, the fashion,
the cars we drive,
the fact that we
have to use petrol, the fact
that we pay for electricity,
the fact that everything we
do, we have to have money for.
So this is the reality
we find ourselves in,
and that reality is
deeply encoded in what
we face every day.
And so to undo that
is one of the biggest
tasks or the biggest
challenges that we face,
is to undo the
programming of the reality
that we're born into, and
how we perceive this reality.
And yet, so many people
find it so easy to do.
It's as if they
know instinctively
that this is just a
part of the problem,
that this is just a phase
we're going through,
and that we really
know what outcomes.
We already know that
there's a better way out.
And in many ways, I'd
like to just revisit
what we said earlier, is that we
don't want to confront anybody.
This isn't about
confrontation or fighting
anyone or resisting anyone.
It's about finding a new
way and a new alternative.
And for that
reason, we also need
to thank those people that
have imposed this system on us.
We actually thank them
for showing us the way.
Thank the politicians,
thank the slave masters,
thank the bankers and those that
are mostly unconscious of what
they are doing.
Not everybody in banking is bad.
They just have
jobs, and they don't
know how to escape their job.
They don't know how to
escape that reality.
So we've got to thank these
people for showing us the way,
that this is not
how we want to live.
This is not how we want
to express ourselves
in this world, and that
there is a better way.
So they really have become our
greatest teachers, in a way,
to show us or tell us that
we need to find a new way.
So one of the things that,
for me, was a huge aha
moment many years ago, when
I came across the expression
that everything we've
been told is a lie.
Right?
And I looked at this
and I went, wow.
That's quite a heavy statement.
How can you say
something like that?
And I thought, well,
not everything is a lie.
A lot of things we've been
told and we learned is true.
And now, 20, 30 years later,
I look back at the statement
and I go, well, I'm
not so sure anymore.
I think pretty much everything
we've been told is a lie.
And the more you go
back over your life,
the education system, what
our governments have told us,
what we think we
know about science
and this nature of reality,
the more you realize that, wow.
Pretty much everything
we've been told is a lie.
I mean, there are some
truths, of course.
It's raining right now.
Yeah, we know it's raining.
So what they've done very
cleverly is they take a lie,
and they attach it to
a little bit of truth.
And then the lies have become so
convoluted with little snippets
of truth that it's
very difficult
to distinguish and separate
the lies from the truth.
And this is what's happened.
It's very, very
difficult, almost
impossible for most people, to
separate the lies from truth.
But keep this in mind.
Pretty much everything
we've been told
is a lie, especially
when we start
looking at it from a
perspective of science
and the laws of nature.
Most of us still get
told things at school
that are no longer true.
We get told that light is the
fastest thing in creation,
and it's no longer true.
We know that that's not
true, that things move faster
than the speed of light.
In my other workshops
and research,
I show that sound moves
beyond the speed of light.
It's one of the best-kept
secrets in science.
And I'm not going
to into it now.
You can watch other
presentations on that.
But I'm just trying
to prove a point here,
now some basic fundamental
knowledge, like the fact
that quantum physics, more than
100 years ago, already showed
us that we are the creators
of our own reality.
And we can create our own
reality by thinking it,
by projecting it,
by imagining it.
Albert Einstein said
knowledge is great.
Knowledge will take
you to a certain point.
But imagination will
take you everywhere.
And this is it, how we
can create own reality.
And this knowledge
and information
is not lost upon us.
For some strange
reason, Hollywood
has become a messenger and the
carrier of this information
to expose the truth, often
disguising it with the obvious.
You know, violence and
torment and subjects
that they cover
in the storylines,
in the Hollywood blockbusters.
But then subliminally
encoding the movies
with very advanced
knowledge and information,
the subliminal messages.
And this is just spectacular.
Just the fact that
the name Hollywood,
the fact that the
wood of a holly tree
was used by wizards to cast
spells, and that's what it is.
And when we watch movies, we're
looking at a projected reality,
isn't it?
It's a lot of still
photographs that
are strung together
that move very quickly,
so we see the
illusion of reality.
We perceive it as reality.
And yet it's not.
And one of the philosophies or
the plans of action, whatever,
whoever is planning this,
is to hide deep information,
hide it in plain sight.
So advanced knowledge
is available to us
all the time in these movies.
They put it in plain sight.
"Star Trek" is one of the
greatest examples, right?
Everything we've ever
see on "Star Trek"
has either become true, or it's
still going to become true.
Scientific ideas that 40
years ago were really way out,
and today we think of
them as run-of-the-mill,
everyday activity.
So one of the great movies
came out of Hollywood
is obviously "The
Matrix" that tells us,
we live in the invisible matrix.
And it explains
to us exactly what
is happening in our reality.
And when you read some of the
dialogue from "The Matrix,"
it is just spine-chilling that
they tell us what's going on,
right?
They have very specific
reasons for this,
why they put this encoded
stuff into the movies.
Because the global
elite are not stupid.
They know exactly
what's going on.
They understand
the laws of nature.
They have a deep
understanding of everything
that we are discussing.
This is why they're in control.
If they weren't smart, if
they didn't know this stuff,
they wouldn't be in control.
So just let's understand
what's going on here.
So they also understand that
by not sharing this deeply
philosophical knowledge
and information with us,
all this way-out stuff,
without sharing that with us
and encoding it subconsciously
into the movies and the reality
around us, they'll be creating
a huge gap and a separation
between the consciousness,
the collective consciousness
of the people, and
what they're trying
to shove down our throats.
So they constantly have to keep
us not too far behind what's
really going on.
Otherwise, they're going to
just lose the global population,
and everybody will
just go, hold on.
Then it'll become very obvious.
So by keeping us reasonably
close to what's really
going on subconsciously, they're
not losing the rest of humanity
and making it very obvious as
to what they're doing to us.
But Morpheus in the
movie "The Matrix,"
he says, "The Matrix
is everywhere.
It is all around us.
Even now, in this very room.
You can see it when you
look out of your window
or when you turn
on your television.
You can feel it when you go to
work, when you go to church,
when you pay your taxes.
It is the world that has
been pulled over your eyes
to blind you from the truth."
And Neo says, "What truth?"
Morpheus says, "that
you are a slave, Neo.
Like everyone else, you
were born into bondage,
into a prison that you
cannot taste or see or touch.
A prison for your mind."
It's like, wow.
They tell us exactly what it is.
Now just remember
that in "Matrix,"
Neo is an anagram for one.
So it's like they're telling
us that he is the one,
or we are the one that have
come to save yourselves.
Because we are all one.
We're all part of the same
collective consciousness.
And we've been divided so deeply
that we forget that we actually
resonate and share
the same knowledge,
and we can share that
information very,
very quickly and very easily.
And the slave system is
described as the matrix.
It's "a system, Neo.
That system is our enemy.
But when you're inside, you
look around, what do you see?
Businessmen, teaches,
lawyers, carpenters.
The very minds of the people
we are trying to save.
But until we do, these people
are still a part of that system
and that makes them our enemy.
You have to understand,
most of these people
are not ready to be unplugged.
And many of them are so
inured, so hopelessly dependent
on the system, that they
will fight to protect it."
And that is pretty
much most of what
the global population
is all about.
We Most of us believe
that this is our reality.
This is it.
There's not much
we can do about it,
and we're going to
fight to protect it,
because it's the
only thing we've got.
And we believe our governments,
and they send our young men
into other countries to invade
them and shoot innocent people
and kill them.
For what?
It's just insane, what we do.
You know, I was
just thinking when
I was putting this
workshop together,
just thinking about
that absolute horror
if you're a soldier, and
you suddenly end up face
to face with somebody else with
another gun pointing at you.
You realize you're about to
shoot another human being.
I mean, the horror of
that is just unbelievable.
And somehow, we make it
OK, because our governments
told us to do this.
And it's that automatic
response to authority.
Do what the authority tells you.
Otherwise, you're in denial
of whoever is in charge.
And that horror of having to
shoot another human being just
because you were sent by a
government to invade a country
and kill some innocent people?
It just-- I can't even
begin to imagine that.
And all of us have
pretty much grown up
into this kind of system where
this is our daily reality,
and this is what we see on
television day in and day out.
It's that whole fear
mongering thing that gets
shoved down our throats.
One of the great exposes
in a Hollywood blockbuster
is "The Wizard of Oz."
Just the word blockbuster again.
Why is it called a blockbuster?
I talk about this quite often.
Is it busting the block
of our unconsciousness?
So it's "The Wizard of Oz."
Oz is gold.
Ounce of gold.
Ounces of gold.
Right?
And Dorothy, who's the
only human being there,
accompanied by her
weird friends--
and they are much more
weird than we realize--
goes down the yellow brick
road, the road paved with gold.
Bars of gold, right?
To the home of the
wizard, the wizard that
controls the gold, or the ounces
of gold, the Wizard of Oz.
And her friends
are the Scarecrow,
which is the straw man,
or your legal fiction,
or your ID documents
and the thing
that the government turns
you into when you're
born, into a piece of paper.
She's accompanied by the
Tin Man, the T-I-N, the Tax
Identification Number.
And then the Lion, the coward
who hides behind his roar,
but he's only fierce and violent
when he's in a pack of others.
But he's a coward when
he's surrounded on his own,
and he becomes a coward.
And then little Toto, which
in Latin and legal terms
means in totality.
Toto then exposes the wizard
from being just a guy sitting
behind a screen with smoke
and fancy lighting that
scares everyone into submission,
and he's actually not a wizard.
He's just a normal
guy that pulls
the wool over everybody's eyes.
So the fact that it's all
about the control of gold.
He who controls the
gold controls the world.
But what this does
bring us to is
the fact that money has
become the supreme holy cow.
And unfortunately, that's
what drives our lives.
You can attack the Jews,
the Christians, the Muslims,
the Hindus.
You can have a go at any
religion in the world,
and you'll probably have a bunch
of people that side with you
and agree with you.
But the moment you attack
money, everybody goes crazy.
It's like, well,
what do you mean?
What do you mean we've
got to get rid of money?
How are we going to buy stuff?
How are we going to survive?
We can't survive without money.
Because we've been
so indoctrinated
by this for so long,
and it literally
has been for thousands of years
that this money thing has been
shoved down our throats.
So we are all born into this
global, sociopolitical system.
Most of us believe
it is unchangeable.
And that's what some
of you echoed earlier.
Most of us think, well, how
are we going to change it?
There is no other way.
This is it.
It's how it's always been.
You said that in school, that's
what they try and teach us.
And that's exactly what goes on.
They lie to us over and
over and over again.
And remember who's behind
the schooling system,
the current education system.
So most of us grow up
having very little money.
Most of the people in the
world-- some of us in this room
are a lot more privileged than
the majority of the world.
And even the people in
this room, most of us
can't achieve or attain
what our dreams are.
We always have these dreams
that we never attain,
because we never
have enough money
to achieve our
dreams or our goals.
We can't do this or can't go
there, or can't create this,
or can't invent
this, or can't build
that, up can't start a
bakery because we just
don't have enough money.
Always yearning for the
things we cannot have.
It's like part of this
reality that we've been
sucked into and trapped into.
And once again, Hollywood
exposes this reality to us
in "The Truman Show."
Remember, we forget.
One of the most
mind-blowing movies
that actually tells us
how the life around us
have enslaved us.
Where the producer, who
remember, he sits in the moon,
controlling the whole show--
that's where the production
office is, in the moon-- and
looking down on the world,
this surreal world made up and
controlled from this satellite
planet.
Boy.
So the producer says, "we
accept the reality of the world
with which we are presented."
And that was Truman's reality.
And that's what
most of us believe.
And this is what we
grew up with believing.
We believe that
capitalism and democracy
are the highest
goal and the highest
purpose for which we are born.
And making money is
what we all about.
And from the earliest of ages,
while we're at school, right?
So what are you going
to do when you grow up?
Oh, I'm going to
become a sculptor.
Oh, really?
Well, how are you
going to earn money?
That's not going
to earn you money.
Well, really?
So money becomes the decisive
factor or the deciding thing
about, what are we going to
do for the rest of our lives?
And then we get shoved
down our throats
this thing called
democracy, as if democracy
is the ultimate way that
we should be living.
And most of us
think, oh, democracy.
Yeah, democracy.
And many of us still
use that argument.
So I want to just make you
throw that out the window.
Because democracy is
just as bad as anything
else that's ever been
shoved down our throats.
Democracy is nothing more
than a bullying tactic.
There's 51 of us and 49 of you?
Sorry, it's our way.
It's us.
There's more of us than there
is of you, so it'll be our way.
It's a bullying tactic.
It's not a solution
for our problems.
So later, I'm going to
talk to you about the fact
that while democracy is based
on a majority rule system,
and this is what's
shoved down our throats,
the whole Contributionism or
Ubuntu philosophy is actually--
the foundation of that is based
on a minority rule system.
And when you say this to
people, they freak out.
Most people just go, what
do you mean, minority rules?
What do you mean?
How is it going to work?
Well, it's very simple.
I don't want to
jump the gun now,
but I'm just
preparing you for it,
because it's such a simple and
eloquent, noble way of solving
all our problems.
They're infinitely
more minorities
than there are majorities.
There's a clue for
you, all right?
And we'll deal with
that a little bit
later, just how simple and
eloquent that solution is.
If we deal with a
minority-based system,
we can solve all our
problems, because we'll
deal with everyone's needs.
And the majority rule system
only deals with one problem,
and that doesn't necessarily
serve everybody's needs.
So we grow up believing that
capitalism and democracy is
the way forward.
That we have to earn money
to live in this world.
The only species that
has to earn money
to live on the planet
that we're born on.
That's insanity.
And we're told that democracy
is good, and so many of us
keep using democracy
as the highest place
that we want to reach, right?
In some countries, oh, that
country doesn't have democracy.
We need to impose
democracy on them.
And then you go back.
Hold on.
So why are we so obsessed
with this democracy thing?
Because democracy is a
brutal bullying tactic.
It's based on a
majority rule system.
There's 51 of us, 49 of you,
so it's our way or the highway.
I don't care who
you 49 people are.
It's this way.
We're going their way.
So 49 people are going to be
pretty upset with a decision,
while 51 people
think this is great.
This is not a solution, right?
So this is why I
actually propose,
which we're going to
work in much more detail,
what I refer to as the
minority-based system, minority
rule system.
And when you say to people,
what do you mean, minority rule?
How come minority
rules the majority?
Well, it's not about
ruling majority.
It's about creating
harmony in community.
abundance in community.
And I'll give you a clue right
now before we get to it later,
is that there are infinitely
more minorities than there
are majorities.
And if we take care
of all the minorities,
and all the minorities
are contributing
towards the benefit
of their community,
I think we've created a
pretty harmonious system
and a pretty harmonious
community that
is pretty well balanced.
And we don't have
one group dominating
everybody else, which is
currently the democracy that we
find ourselves in.
Democracy is not a solution.
The other important thing
that we grow up with
is this thing
called competition.
All our lives, we are
told that competition
is good, that we have to compete
to get to the top of the pile,
to be the best.
And without competition,
there'd be no progress.
There'd be no invention.
There'd be-- people would
have no desire to reach.
People would be lazy
without competition.
It's like, really?
This is what we shove
into children's minds
from the earliest of ages.
And we've all gone
through this, right?
Without competition-- I
have to get to the top.
Well, so you get to
the top of the pile,
and then some
other schmuck wants
to get to the top of the pile.
Then what happens then?
So how is competition going
to solve this inequality
in this world that
we find ourselves in?
Competition is not a solution.
Competition is
probably-- and this
is my opinion--
the most evil thing
that's ever been imposed
on humanity, because it's
the driving force of the divided
world we find ourselves in.
We constantly compete
against each other,
undermining each other,
bringing each other down
where we should be supporting
each other, helping each other,
working together.
So competition leads to
a corporate hierarchical
structure, which is the
system that runs the world.
Corporations that run the world,
including our governments.
Competition.
Competing to get to the top.
Even our candidates
compete to get to the top.
It's just ridiculous.
It's like a circus
show every few years.
And then you realize, when they
start talking on television,
that they know
absolutely nothing.
They're just regurgitating the
same lies over and over again.
Remember, any politician
that doesn't tell the people
about the banking and the money
system is lying to the people.
And since no politician
is telling the people
about the banking
and the money system,
is either ignorant of
it, or they're lying.
And neither of those aspects
make them fit to lead anybody.
So just keep that in mind.
Anyone that's still thinks that
there are politicians out there
that are actually quite good.
And they're all
lying, thieving crooks
who want to get into
a position of power
so that they can
benefit themselves, not
benefit anyone else.
Otherwise, they'd
be telling everyone
on television about
the money system.
And they're not.
Remember, competition
causes compartmentalization.
Competition causes corporations
and the whole pyramid structure
of secrecy and hiding things.
And what competition
does as well
is it prevents and inventions
and technology from reaching
us, reaching the people,
because corporations hide it,
because it's not
good for business.
So cures for disease
don't reach people
because that's not
good for business.
Free electricity devices don't
get released because it's not
good for business.
Cars that levitate or
cars that run on air
is not good for business.
So competition is actually
the antithesis of progress.
So when people tell
you about competition,
there'd be no progress,
there'd be no inventions, no.
It's actually the opposite.
Competition causes the society
that we find ourselves in
to hide technology, to
hide inventions, hide it
from humanity.
Not to share it with
humanity, because it's
controlled by corporations.
Or universities, for
education institutions
that hide breakthrough
inventions and technology.
And we get to that, and
we talk about education
and the education system,
and how that is enslaving us.
And ultimately, competition
leads to control,
because those
corporations that have
the patents and
the knowledge, they
control the supply
of whatever it
is that they're contributing or
manufacturing or distributing.
So that control
leads to scarcity.
And this is why so many of
us live under the illusion
that we live on a
planet of scarcity,
that things are scarce,
when we, in fact, live
on a planet of
infinite abundance.
And we should have an
infinite amount of everything
that we want because of
this abundance factor
that we are capable of.
But competition
does the opposite.
It creates scarcity.
So how do we turn this around?
Once again, the
solution is so simple
that sometimes and
most of the time,
we are the own obstacles
in our own way of thinking.
All we have to do
is turn competition
into cooperation
and collaboration.
That's how simple it is.
It's 180-degree turn
in the way we think.
Stop competing with people.
Start working
together with them.
Let scientists start
working together
towards developing whatever
it is they're working on,
and inventions and technology.
And that that cooperation
and collaboration then
leads to the sharing of that
knowledge with the population
of the world, and with
the people of your town
or your country or your city,
wherever you may find yourself.
This is the chain
and the flow of how
we use cooperation as
opposed to competition
for the benefit of humanity.
Remember that only out of
cooperation and collaboration
will we create abundance.
And out of that
abundance will come
the lack of fear, the
dropping of the suspicion
and being afraid of our
neighbors and strangers,
and start to embrace everybody.
Because we all seem
to be working together
for the benefit of
everyone and unity.
And then this leads us to the
very important philosophy.
And this is like the
fundamental statement
here that we need to really
embrace, is only out of unity
comes infinite diversity.
Out of this united collective
working together in cooperation
and collaboration, that creates
the unity in our communities,
in our countries, on our planet.
And out of that unity will
create infinite diversity.
Whatever it is we set our
minds to in arts, in culture,
in growing food, in technology,
anything we can imagine.
How long will it take a
bunch of computer geeks--
if you put them together
into a lab, a Silicon Valley
lab, how long will it take
a bunch of computer geeks,
with whatever we
have to offer them,
to create a supercomputer?
I was just recently--
where was I-- in Austria.
And there was a computer
geek in the room.
And he said-- and his
answer was six months.
And I would probably
concur with that.
But you know what?
I'd say it'd probably
take even less than that,
because these computer
geeks probably already
have a supercomputer
sitting somewhere,
but they're not
allowed to release it
because their companies won't
allow them to release it,
and they're under contract
with their company
preventing them from
releasing anything
while they worked
with that company,
or even after they leave.
They have all these disclosure
contacts that you have to sign.
So if you do away
with all that control
and you ask a bunch of computer
geeks, they'll probably say,
here it is.
It's not even going
to take a week.
They'll just present
it to you, right?
And this is what happens
when you get rid of money,
and you get rid of the
control and the competition
and the corporate
hierarchical structures.
How quickly things
come into creation.
The moment you remove
money from the system,
the creative process
out of the millions
of people around the world, the
millions and billions of people
that are capable of
creating incredible things
that we can't imagine because
we've never been given
the opportunity to witness
that, because all of that
is constantly hidden from us
by the corporate structures
and the governments that are
supposed to be serving us.
So only out of unity
comes infinite diversity
and abundance.
And one of the greatest
examples for this,
showing this in real,
living, active, physical form
are our own bodies.
Our own bodies consist
of trillions of cells.
And yet all of those
trillions of cells
come out of one cell
that started to divide.
Out of that first unified cell
comes this infinite diversity.
And guess what these
trillions of cells do?
Do they compete with each other?
[LAUGHTER]
Of course not.
They work together
in perfect harmony
for the benefit of
the whole community
of cells called your body.
So when the cells
start to compete,
that's when you get cancer.
That's when you're
in dissonance.
You're not resonating together.
You're not working together.
You're in disease with each
other, and you get sick.
So that's what's happened to
our societies, our communities.
Because we're competing
with each other,
our society is sick.
And we can solve
the sick society
by stopping the
competition and starting
to cooperate and collaborate.
That's how quickly we
can change our society,
using our bodies as an example.
And you know, you can
take it a step further.
Even when the cells in your
body start to gang up together
and they form clusters
of specialized cells--
oh, we a special, right?
Now in our lives, that
creates little clique groups,
and then they go
against those groups.
Oh, no.
You can't do this,
and you can't-- oh,
you have to fill in forms to
join us, and all this-- really?
Come on.
In your body, when these cells
form together, they gang up
together and they form your
heart cells and your liver
cells and your skin cells
and your hair cells,
they're still not
fighting each other
or competing against each other.
They're still working
in cooperation
for the greatest benefit of
the whole community of cells,
which is called your
body, your community.
So let's look at our
bodies as a perfect example
of this world in harmony,
and use the world around us.
And let's take this into
the world around us.
Just think about this.
At breakfast time, when you
come down to the kitchen--
this is the perfect family.
Mother, father, son,
daughter, right?
This is the wonderful family
that has been sketched for us.
And you come down for
breakfast in the morning,
and you start making
yourself some toast.
Then your daughter
comes down, and she has
a bowl of oats and some juice.
And then your wife
comes down, and she has
French-- what do you call it?
French toast.
And your son comes down.
He has some Rice
Krispies or something,
and some juice and some
peanut butter, and whatever.
And you're all sitting,
having beautiful breakfast
together, at which point
you turn to your daughter
and say, listen, that's
$5 for that bowl of oats
and another $2 for the juice.
And Darling, to your
wife, say, Darling,
that French toast
is going to be $5.
And son, that's $3.50 for you,
because you only had a bowl
of Rice Krispies.
We don't do that, right?
Of course.
We work together.
This is our family.
We share.
We're sharing.
We share everything
in our families.
I guess there are some families
that don't, but let's not
go there right now.
Let's focus on the loving,
united, harmonious families,
because there are more
of those in the world
than there are the opposite.
So we don't do that.
And then you take
it further, and you
go to the pub on a
Friday night and you bump
into some really nice people.
You click with them and
you have a great time.
And you say, hey, I'm having a
barbecue on Sunday at my house.
Why don't you come over
to a barbecue at my house?
And they come to
our house on Sunday
and say, hey, John,
how's it going?
Welcome.
The beers are over there.
There's a barby, come.
And you have a great time.
At which points you turn to
John and say, hey, by the way,
it's going to be $100 for
the beers and the barbecue.
You don't do that.
You invited them over, and
you've opened your heart.
You've shared with
complete strangers.
You've just met them.
You don't know them
from a bar of soap
except exchanging some
stories on football or ballet,
or whatever it is
you spoke about.
And you resonate
with that person,
and so now you share
with that person.
That resonance goes beyond
just some bar chit-chat.
And you don't charge
them for that.
Or something weird happens.
Sunday night comes, you
wake up Monday morning,
you get into your car,
you put on your suit,
you take your suitcase,
you get into your car,
and you hit the
highway, and you change.
And suddenly you become
this monster machine.
It's all about making money.
Get out of my way.
Why are you driving so slowly?
And road rage takes over,
and you just want to-- you
change from his
loving, sharing being
that wants to share
everything with his family
and complete strangers
over the weekend
to this money-making
machine that has to go out,
and don't have time
for you, sorry.
No, sorry.
Can't have time.
Got to go out and
make some money.
It's amazing.
No wonder we've
become psychotic,
because we have to live these
split personality lives.
On the one hand, we just want
to share and share, and give
everything, and invite
people into our space.
And on the other
hand, we're forced
to become these machines.
And this is how our lives of
driven by this money thing,
and destroyed.
So the message really is treat
your community and the world
as your family.
Start sharing this
beautiful gift that we have,
this humanness that we
have with everyone else.
Start sharing that
with everyone you know.
In the poorest countries,
in the poorest places,
in the poorest villages, that's
where you get the most care
if you're stranded.
People invite you in.
They give you the
last meal they have,
the last bread, the
last food they have.
They'll give you the
shirt off their back
if they find that
you need a shirt.
You don't find
that in the cities,
in the wealthy countries.
But in the poorest countries,
that's what happens to you.
They are far more
sharing and accommodating
than those of us that
have been chasing
the money in the big cities.
And remember, the reason most
people live in the cities--
well, either they're
born there and that's all
they know, but the
majority of the people,
at some stage of our
lives, like me, was
drawn into the city because of
work, jobs, or whatever it is.
You're drawn to the city.
They've become these giant
metropolitan clusters
of desperate people looking to
survive because we came there
looking for a job, or we
offered a job in the city
that you weren't offered
out in the village.
So you're forced to vacate and
leave the place that you love,
to live in, that you
choose to live in,
you're forced to leave
that because money has
forced you to move to the city.
It's not by choice.
And that's how people get
trapped in these cities.
So we're going to
unfold all of this,
and deprogram and
undo all of this,
and show how easy it
is to reverse that it.
How easy it is to allow
people to leave the cities
and move back into their
small towns and villages.
No matter how small a town
it is, how far or distant
that village may
be, the moment we
introduce the Contributionism
and the Ubuntu principles,
all this becomes an
instant possibility.
And this is the most
liberating thing about this.
The millions of people that are
trapped in the cities right now
immediately have an escape.
They can give it all up
and leave without any fear
that they're not
going to have a job,
or not going to have enough
food, or a place to live,
or that they're going
back to the dark ages,
or having to live in
caves because they left
the comfort of the
city, even though they
live in squalor or a little hole
in the city most of the time.
So this is what this
Ubuntu and Contributionism
philosophy does.
It reverses that process.
It is quite spectacular
when you see this unfold.
Treat your community
and the world
as your family, and
everything changes.
And this brings us back to what
we started off talking about,
the fact that we're really
revisiting some of the reasons
why the world is so screwed
up and so messed up,
and why so many
people live in misery.
And we have to face
the terrible truth.
And that terrible truth brings
the enlightenment with it.
If we're strong enough to
face the terrible truth
of our enslavement
and this insane world
that we're trapped in,
we are strong enough
to take the steps to
liberate ourselves from it.
And see it, as I said
earlier, as a liberating
process, as information
that liberates us,
that doesn't get this
us down and depressed.
It must do the opposite.
Often, people get so
depressed about this-- no.
Don't do that.
Wherever you are, at home,
wherever you're watching this,
don't get depressed about this.
Get excited about this.
This information shows
us what we must be doing
and what we should be
doing, how simple it
is, how we're not
only going to do it,
how we already are doing it.
There are millions of
people around the world that
have already engaged in this
process, that are doing it
in ways that we can't
imagine until we've
seen these people do it.
And fortunately enough,
I'm in a position,
because of sharing
this philosophy,
I get a lot of emails
and often phone
calls from people telling
me about what they're
doing in their communities,
and doing the most
incredible things that literally
makes this journey for me
personally worthwhile,
every second of every day,
and why I have not yet given
up because I know it's real.
I know it's a possibility.
It's not just a
theory or an ideology.
This is a new reality.
Because once it resonates inside
you and inside all of us--
and I know it already resonates
in all of you here today.
That's why you're here.
Once it resonates in you,
there's no turning back.
And it's only one way forward,
and we're busy doing it.
So let's face the terrible truth
and see how we can get around
it, how we can create
a new alternative
reality for ourselves, to
create a world of abundance.
First of all, we have to
realize that we are not
born free on this planet.
We cannot move around freely.
We cannot live
where we choose to.
We need passports
and work permits.
We spoke about that
during the break.
We need to follow rules
and laws that we didn't
agree to at birth, right?
How many of you agreed
to the rules and the laws
at birth that are
imposed on you today?
Yeah.
Exactly.
I mean, most of us
don't even really know
where and when we
were born, but we
claim we know because we have
a birth certificate, right?
So we have to work and
earn money to survive.
We have to pay taxes
to escape jail time.
This is-- and some people still
say, oh, I've got free will.
I can do what I want.
And I go, really?
You can do what you want to?
Oh, of course.
I can go wherever I want,
I can do what I want.
I can catch a plane
anywhere in the world.
I said, really?
Have you ever had your
passport confiscated?
Do you even have a passport?
Have you ever tried to
cross a border recently?
It is not an easy thing.
It's not a pleasant thing.
You feel like a criminal just
crossing a border the way
that they interrogate you,
the way they look at you.
There's that's suspicious--
it's just insanity,
what's happened to us.
This is not freedom, people.
We all know what this is called.
It's called slavery.
We are all born into slavery.
Remember what Morpheus said.
You're all "born into bondage."
We're all born on a slave--
we're born on a prison planet,
all enslaved by money.
It is the money factor
that is the foundation
of this enslavement system.
So we live on a prison planet
that's driven by money.
It has been for
thousands of years.
And this is why we have to
deal with the money thing.
Until we deal with
the money problem,
we are never going
to solve the problem.
Now we're going to deal
with some really disturbing
reminders of what
money has done,
what money has-- the
effects of money.
Every time I look
at these pictures,
it makes me want
to cry, what humans
have done to other humans in
the pursuit of money and wealth.
How you could possibly do
this to other human beings.
The effects of money
and capitalism.
This picture, I mean,
these are young boys.
Some of them must
be 13, 14 years old.
You can see the
fear in their eyes.
And remember that
the slave trade
was seen as a noble trade.
And some of the most important
politicians and leaders
in the past were
all slave traders,
dealing in human misery.
It's just unbelievable
that these people are still
in charge of our countries and
our destinies, and our lives.
Not for very much longer.
This has been going on
for thousands of years,
but these are just reminders
from very recent times, how
slavery has been imposed on us.
How you can trade human lives
in a notice in a newspaper.
It's actually just almost
unbearable to look at.
And the treatment
that was handed out
to other human beings
by their so-called slave
masters and their owners.
And this is just the
tip of the iceberg.
This is what money
has caused us to do.
Money, greed, capitalism.
This kind of
behavior that is just
unimaginable to any
sentient, conscious being.
And if you think that slavery
has ended, think again.
We are all slaves.
We just don't realize it.
It is just today, the whips
and chains have simply
been replaced by money.
If you don't earn money, you
cannot survive in this world.
Slavery in the modern
world is much worse
than anybody could
ever imagine, and this
is what we need to deal with.
The Ubuntu
Contributionism system
deals with this immediately.
It cannot continue in
a world without money.
In a world without money, there
is no tool of enslavement.
It is a tool of enslavement.
It is nothing less
and nothing more.
That's all it is.
That's all it was
ever intended to be.
Without money or control
or the hierarchical system,
nobody could ever
impose a slavery system
of any kind on anyone,
It's Wolfgang Goethe that
made one of the most cutting
statements that said, "none are
more enslaved than those who
falsely believe they are free."
The emphasis is on "falsely
believe they are free."
And most of the people today
falsely believe they are free.
They think that
because they live
in a democratic society that
has elections every four years,
they live in a free world.
This is the illusion that
we find ourselves in.
This is what we need to bypass
to create a new alternative
that simply escapes this.
And before anyone
realizes, the sooner
we do this, the sooner we start
implementing this, those that
are currently
controlling humanity
or think they control
humanity will suddenly
be in control of nobody.
The bankers and the financial
families, the banking families
that run the world
with their money
will suddenly have no one
to control, no one to run.
All their money
will be completely
worthless and useless.
That's how simple and eloquent
this plan of action is.
And we'll unfold that as we
move on through this series
of workshops.
But we've come to the
end of another hour,
so let's take another 10 minutes
to throw some ideas around.
Can't believe how
quickly an hour goes.
So are there any questions?
So anything people want to say?
Over there.
>>You talked about
bypassing the system earlier
and not confronting it.
And with movements like
the March Against Monsanto
and the Million Mask
March who were confronting
this type of government
corruption and control
through money and
corporations, what do you think
about that kind of approach?
>>Awesome.
Thanks for bringing that up.
It's really important.
It's actually a
question that I get
or a suggestion I get often.
People say, oh, you
know, why don't you
join up with the
Thrive Movement,
or join up with The Venus
Project or the Zeitgeist
Movement, and New Earth
Nation, and so forth?
And we know all those people.
We've had contact
with all these groups
in these amazing initiatives
that have been started.
There are thousands of
initiatives, thousands
of movements around the world
that are doing incredible work.
Thousands of marches going on
against the inhumane activities
and brutality of
our governments,
and thousands of
movements that are
proposing eloquent solutions
for specific problems.
The objective is not
to unite us all now.
We all need to
respect each other.
What we need to do is
be aware of each other
and support each other in
our individual activities.
Like, I said, the organs
in your body, right?
>>Right.
>>Support each other, work--
so if we know that there's
a March Against Monsanto,
we support them,
and get as many people there
to do what that group of people
are doing.
When we're doing something, we
expect everybody to support us.
When Venus Project
is doing something,
we will support them
with everything we do
and everything we know.
And all of these movements
around the world,
we need to support each
other, be aware of each other
and support each other.
There's no need to unite
and start working together.
I describe it as seeing
all the global activities
and the amazing movements around
the world as individual links
of a long chain, performing
a very important role,
holding the chain strong.
But it's the chain,
individual links,
a chain that's around
the neck of the beast.
And we're tightening the noose
around the neck of the beast,
link by link, click by click.
And we'll automatically unite
and come together in the middle
when we've overcome the beast.
We don't need to do it
synthetically or force it.
Let's just carry on doing
what we're doing individually,
but collectively, be
aware of each other
and support each other.
>>We all have, like, a same
goal through these movements,
and we're all trying
to fight it separately
in individual groups,
but we're all one.
>>Yeah.
The Wall Street activities,
the Occupy Wall Street.
I mean, remember how-- that
was insane how big that
became all over the world,
South Africa, everywhere.
But there wasn't
really an outcome.
But that doesn't matter.
They didn't need an outcome.
the job of that particular
event and that energetic field
there was to just make
people of the world
aware of the crimes
of the bankers,
and what the banking
families were doing,
and how the banks were
abusing our liberties.
And they achieved that.
They achieved that
to a large extent.
Although it was
infiltrated and manipulated
by the global elite,
and we know there
are lots of stories about
how that was used and abused,
it doesn't matter.
It still brought
to the attention
of most of the
people in the world
how completely
corrupt and inadequate
the financial and
the money system
is for the global population.
Thank you for sharing that.
>>Yep.
Thanks.
>>Anybody else have anything
to say or add at this stage?
>>Do you think that
we'd be able to take
this movement to the
next level with the steps
that we're taking?
Or do you think it's
going to take a collapse?
And I guess what brings
that about is recently,
I went to the World Series
Parade there in Kansas City.
800,000 people came together
in the little community.
No riots, no crime,
nothing like that.
But it was just 800,000
people came together
to celebrate something
that is of no importance
to civilization, to humanity.
And we have a small
gathering of what
I believe to be
one of the greatest
movements in all the history
that I've ever been taught.
So I guess my
question is, do you
think we'd be able to
do it with the steps
that you're taking in
directing us towards?
Or do you think it'll
take a collapse?
>>Thanks for bringing that up.
Steve?
>>Yes.
>>Yeah, thanks, Steve.
It's one of the frequently
asked questions as well,
so let's deal with it right now.
Never underestimate the
power and the importance
and the effect of a
small gathering of people
and the effect they have
on their environment
and their government
and the world.
All revolutions, all new
movements, all events
of the past that have had
huge effects on the planet
have started in little rooms
and little meetings like this.
And this is not an
isolated meeting.
There have been thousands
of these around the world.
I've held these workshops
in dozens of countries
and spoken to
thousands of people.
Because of the internet,
this is seen by millions
of people around the world.
We don't necessarily have to
come together in one gathering.
But what it does do,
it allows people access
to this knowledge and
information, it plants the seed
of consciousness in their
hearts and in their minds,
and it makes many
people act and react
to the knowledge
and the information.
And they then become the
driver of that knowledge
and the resonance to
everyone around them.
And remember, the fact that
even if you don't say this,
you carry that
resonance in your body.
So wherever you walk--
I often joke about this.
You walk up-- once you
know this information,
you go to a
pharmaceutical conference
and just go stand at the door.
And you don't have to
say a word to them.
Just think it out loud.
Think it and just go--
[GROAN]
And you just shove this
knowledge and this information
onto all the people at the
pharmaceutical conference,
the convention inside there.
We can cure all disease.
[GROAN]
[LAUGHTER]
But it's an important thing.
The fact that people are
gathering, they get together
and there is that thing of
unity and the collectiveness,
and the connectedness
of those people.
Even though it might be
for different reasons,
it's like a training ground
for other activities later on.
Today they're meeting because
of football or something else.
Next week, it might be because
of a very different situation.
Than they'll be
comfortable with it
because they'll see their
football buddies there as well.
So it's a process.
And the answer to
your question is, yes.
Or again, by the time we finish
with this eight-hour workshop,
you'll not only believe
that we can do this,
and it can happen
really quickly,
you will know that it
can happen very quickly.
Because you'll see the steps,
and how simple the steps are,
and that we're busy
taking the steps already.
So you know, I'm of the opinion
that within the next few years,
we can see a radical
shift of consciousness
and the effects of what it is
that we're doing here today,
planting the seeds
of consciousness
in the small group
that's recorded
that's going to be shared
with millions of people
by watching this recording.
We can't imagine
how this resonance
will affect the fabric of
reality in the quantum field.
[LAUGHTER]
So one final thing.
>>Hi.
I'm Delisa.
I was really encouraged to hear
you say that even though this
is like the supreme sacred cow,
this whole thing about money,
that when you plant the
seed, it will, at some point,
begin to germinate.
And the reason I
find that so helpful
is that ever since I came across
your work about two years ago,
I've told every single person
I've met, I think, about this.
I mean, strangers in the
airport, my closest friends.
And I have found almost no one
who will get excited about it
like I did on the
very first thing.
It's like, well, of course,
that makes so much sense.
And all I get instead
is, but, but, but.
We're intrinsically
greedy, and all those kinds
of things, and money's
not the problem,
it's what we do with it.
And all those arguments.
And even last
night, I was talking
with somebody who has a
very great consciousness,
and yet she's like, well,
it's just not my thing.
[LAUGHTER]
And I did some introspection
after that, and I thought,
what should I do in a
situation like this?
Should I continue to
tell her about this?
Should I just pull
back and go, you know,
I feel this instant
resistance as soon
as I bring up the subject.
What should I do about that?
And I'd like your response.
But what I heard from
you earlier is that,
keep talking about it.
Don't expect them to like it.
Don't expect them to absorb it.
Just plant the seed.
And I believe, do it in love,
and not make them wrong.
Just plant the seed.
And then go on and get
busy and plant some more,
because life will provide
the circumstances under which
that seed can germinate.
>>Yes.
Now you've answered
your own question there.
It's really that.
And thanks for bringing
this up, because it just
reminds me of when
I first started
talking about this in 2005.
The first time I spoke
to anyone about this
was 12 people at
a dinner that was
hosted by a senior manager of
Barclays bank in South Africa.
And I just walked into a trap.
She said, oh, so you've been
talking about this world
without money.
So why don't you-- I'm
going to host a dinner,
and come and tell us about
how this world without money
is going to work.
And this-- I was maybe,
like, three, four months
into this philosophy.
Boy, did I walk into a trap.
[LAUGHTER]
So I nearly got beaten up
that night, quite frankly,
by very arrogant guys
with big four-by-fours
and huge egos that
said, well, how
dare you suggest you're going
to take away from me everything
I've worked so hard for?
And it's that kind of-- it's
always a fear-based response.
It's a lack of knowledge,
a lack of resonance,
a lack of information
that makes people respond.
We're not taking anything
away from anyone.
We're providing people with an
alternative that will give them
infinite abundance.
But then we're going to deal
with all those questions,
the 13 most frequently
asked questions.
And you'll see how you'll answer
these questions with such ease.
That's what will
happen to everyone
that watches this workshop
and everyone here,
and that is the most
liberating thing.
When you can answer any
question that you can come up
with in your mind because you've
completely internalized this,
and you resonate with
this philosophy naturally.
That's when you
really feel liberated.
And I would suggest,
don't force the issue.
If you tell somebody about
this and they automatically
resist it, don't force it.
But at least you've
planted the seed.
And something will happen.
They might walk
past the book shop
and see a book in the window,
or they read an article,
or they see a politician
say something, or whatever.
And it'll just reactivate that
trigger, and they'll go, wow.
That crazy woman I
saw at the airport,
she said we can live in
a world without money.
And let me think about
that a little bit more.
Because you see, sometimes
it might be a little tragedy
that happens to that person.
They might come
home and they find
that a loved one died or
their house burned down,
or whatever, you know?
And suddenly, your whole
reality shifts and changes,
and you're forced to
rethink your own future.
And that is a trigger point.
So what I tell people, everyone
has their own trigger point,
and just by planting
the seeds, you're
preparing that person to
reach their own trigger point
and let that seed germinate.
So let's keep telling
everyone, and keep
sharing that information.
>>Thank you.
>>So that brings us to the
end of this second session
here today.
Thanks for your participation
and your contributions.
And let's go and take a break,
and come back afterwards.
[APPLAUSE]
I'm Michael Tellinger,
and thanks for watching.
[THEME MUSIC]